I ask you one question.
Who am I to you?
Your friend?
Or your opponent?
I go first.
To me
you are and you will
always be my best friend.
Even
you challenged me.
Understand?
I am back.
It's a little awkward.
What's so intense?
Why don't we celebrate with some dinks?
Sure.
I thought you were in a fight again.
Are we kids?
Mean to be!
Come on.
Or
You should get married.
You need some spanking!
Cha Cha, you are so lucky.
Even you got fired as a casual worker.
But
you triumph and come back
as Bai Yongze's private chief.
Tell me, how did work him out?
Seduction?
What seduction? Go away!
He might just think I am pitiful.
Adorable, it is.
So,
you are not with Bai Yongze, aren't you?
Howis that possible?
Yeah, Lan Tian is
better than Bai Yongze.
Only in this way does
my lfe have insurance.
It's Jiang Shi.
He said he is eating in a restaurant.
So it is with Lan Tian and Bai Yongze.
What are you doing?
For our future.
So not sensible.
Jiang Shi.
Oh my angel, come on here.
Come on my girlfriend.
Mind if I sit?
Of course not. Sit.
Lan Tian.
Do you mind if I sit?
Suit yourself.
Come on sit.
Come on.
Bai Yongze.
As an athlete, are you
allowed to dringk at night?
Give it to me. I'll drink the rest.
Do both of you know
Lan Tian and Bai Yongze are doing
to championship contest?
Really? That's great Lan Tian.
Ouch, I have a little stomach issue.
Excuse me!
Yong Ze.
Is she your girlfriend?
Why did she 'That's great Lan Tian'.
She jsut cared about her boyfriend's buddy.
Come on, cheers!
My angel never drinks.
Bai Yongze who got dismissed
by America Jeff Star
is going to have
his first contest
since he came back.
It's believed that
he is going to rule the championship
through this international contset.
Miss,
The choice to contest in this
national championship...
Did you hear that?
Yes, I heard. He is coming back.
What do you say if I
go to him and encourage him?
Encourage?
Is this Bai Yongze's ring?
Hou can you wear this?
Take it off.
I don't want to once I put it on.
Go and check
tickets to Hainan.
Alright.
It's your father again.
I got messed up when
the news was broadcast.
Why do you take part in
this kind of contest
for your coming-back?
What should I do if
if your dad is angry with me?
Help yourself out.
You...
What?
I have got slight signal. Hold on!
You are going to a contest.
I add some protein-rich food into your.
Whose recipe? Lan Tian's?
You are so happy when you heard
Lan Tian is going to take
part in the contest.
I...
Darling!
Why are you here?
I am here
to cheer you up.
Why is she here?
What's she doing here?
Not your business.
Why?
Who am I to you?
Let's jsut go out first!
Why do we go out?
What's wrong both of you?
Are you really together?
What the fuck?
Then why is she in your room with food?
I am his private chief.
But I won't be soon.
Cha Cha.
Cha Cha. Cha Cha.
Yong Ze.
Stay away from me.
All of this is a lie.
Bai Yongze is a lie.
The ring is a lie.
Cha Cha.
This is it.
I can't let a fake relationship
get in the way of a rwal one.
Fake or real.
I told you
we are nothing right now.
It's only her wishful thinking.
Then why does she has the same
the ring as one you gave me?
I am sorry, I shouldn't have done that.
This ring actually means nothing.
I still feel happy to get this
because this is the first time.
I just realized how women feel
when they first got
a ring.
Even our relatinship is a lie,
but my feeling is real.
You think this is just your first time?
I gave a ring to a woman
for the first time.
I don't care whether you
are my girlfriend or not.
Do you know how much effort I put
into this ring?
What a fool for a man to
give two women the same ring
I lost it.
And Li Bao found it.
After that,
I bought a same one
I didn't want to tell you that
I feel embarrassed
Even this is a meaningless ring.
It's yours
when I give it to you.
You can drop it
if you don't want it.
Darling.
Just go.
There is nothing between you
and that girl, right?
You did that on purpose
That's why you siad that?
Which part of 'Go' you don't understand?
Darling.
Please don't do that.
I pull of my announcement
as soon as I heard
you were going for a contest.
I flew straight here.
I don't want to make it like sacrifices.
I wanted to to do that.
Because I need you.
I nedd you more than anyone.
I am too vulnerable to take
any more hurt
Thanks to you,
I am pleased
to get your text
or a call.
I can't lose you.
I can't lose you. Darling.
Don't leave me.
Li Bao.
Does no one tell you what
is the most worthless
thing is?
It's sympathy.
All I have for you is sympathy.
Let me go.
And let yourself go.
You will get huurt
if you hold on to it.
There is still something
that is remembering,
just keep it, OK?
Go.
Just go.
You won't? I go.
Yong Ze,
can you live without hurt?
Its seems imposibble.
Everyone of us has a virus
named emotion,
among which love,
hate and
jealous
are the deadist.
But we still have to be strong to fight it
and overcome it.
So, Song Chacha,
don't be afraid to get hurt.
What do you want?
Don't you pretend atonement
for having done an injustice.
I did that to my private chief
for her own good.
Just take that as spur.
All I ask her to do is
to learn some cooking.
I just want to her to seperate sugar
from salt, Coco cola and sauce.
She's still got some hope.
Damn it, garbage text.
What's it?
Why didn't Song Chacha
come today?
Don't know.
What about having a taste of my cooking?
I lose my appetite of your cooking.
Song Chacha does better
in cooking than you do.
Why don't you ask her to come?
What about ording some take out?
No.
Since when do you love home cooked meals?
Right.
Do I get used to it
because I had some days ago?
Why are you laughing?
Today, we going to do resistance training
Focus on the 50m final sprint
Let Bai Yongze show us
theexplosiveness of sprint.
Rest of you watch.
Why do I go first?
Save some energy for training.
Do it.
What?
Come on, Yong Ze. Come on.
Come on, speed up.
Come on Yong Ze.
Link it up.
Make your sprint.
Why is that?
Peng Peng. Take a look.
What's wrong, Yong Ze?
You OK?
Yong Ze.
Do you feel good?
No.
You are supposed to take this.
Hey, what happened to you?
His body status is not very good.
He got sunk in the pool today.
Almost drowned to death.
What happened?
Song Chacha.
Did you make something good for him to eat?
He is right.
I didn't see you reacently.
Anything wrong?
Even so, you can't do that.
It's special time.
Contest is coming.
He needs to eat something nice.
You got your job because
of him.
You have to treat him right.
Got it?
Professor Fang?
I dicussed your issue
with her
And we made a decision.
You symptoms are serious.
And you need some training.
Or you will have this issue
again when you swim.
What kind of training.
Just conversation and relaxing
practice, for starters.
What? Conversation?
I mean.
Do you have a crush on me?
I am much younger than you.
Hey, watch it.
I have a crush on you?
Why not Coach Huang?
Sorry, Coach Huang.
I was just outspoken.
Stop jesting!
Do the training with me.
I wonder what training that is.
What are the relaxing practice?
I will arrange some yoga nidra.
You can have a try.
What?
I do yoga?
Are you kidding?
That's girls' stuff.
I don't want to do it.
So could you please tell
me why you fainted?
Maybe, exhausted.
That's it. I tried.
You are resposible for what happens
if you don't do well in the championship.
Let's make a bet.
Cancel the training
if I win the first prize.
Deal, don't make it,
do yoga with me.
Deal
So, that's it
Cha Cha, what's this smell?
Mom, I made something.
I get washed.
It smells so good.
Doing some wife's homework.
Stayed up so late for Lan Tian.
I didn't make this for you.
I made for my mom.
I take the rest to you.
I didn't make this for you.
It's not for you.
Song Chacha.
I made this especially for you.
For you...
What?
Especially for me?
No, it's not.
I don't know.
Song Chacha.
Do you want to see my contest?
Come on.
Yong Ze, come on.
In position
Come on.
He swims so fast.
No one is faster than hime.
Bai Yongze, come on
Bai Yongze
Just leave him.
He is so proud.
Anyway
Lan Tian got the third prize this time.
Than you.
Congratulations.
But what about Bai Yongze.
It will be hard to get
his coming-back again.
Cheers.
You did good this time, Lan Tian.
To be honest,
I didn't expect that from you.
You really have potential
to get the first prize.
Then I take this as my
first-prize congratulations.
Thank you.
It doesn't feel good to this
when Yong Ze is here.
East Flying Fish, Bai Yongze.
How could that happen?
It's all because of me
There is something wrong
with the food I made.
With the food I made.
You sure?
He said he had a stomachache
right before contest starts.
Why did't you say earlier?
We could have taken some precautions.
Take medicine
or quit.
I am sorry.
But,
shouldn't we contact Bai Yongze first?
I did, he didn't answer.
I texted him, like, a hundred times.
A hundred?
I told him there is
nothing to be ashamed of.
Cha Cha is waiting here, tell him to come.
Cha Cha. Cha Cha. Where are you going?
Eh~...
I don't where he is either.
Why are mad at me?
I didn't let him out.
Everyone is mad at me.
Still no word from Yong Ze?
No.
I almost turn this place upsidedown
I still can't find him.
Where else can he be?
Sis, where do you think he can go?
I haven't finished my...
Such much pressure!
You must be there, Bai Yongze.
Bai Yongze
Great.
I know you are here.
Stay away from me.
I can't go back there.
Just go.
I told you to go away.
This road is dark.
I pluck up courage to come here.
I am afraid that I can't.
So.
I can't even I want to.
What would you do if I weren't here?
Stuck here! Or what?
Everyone makes a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
I don't know when
it started like this.
Then, did you go to hospital?
Psychologist said
I have sports anxiety.
If that's all.
What concerns me more is
I am really afraid that others know this
for no god damn reason.
Don't be afraid.
What should I do if it happens again?
Do I have to take that training?
Why don't you give it a shot?
What if it's solved?
Trust me, it's gonna be OK.
Still no word from him?
Song Chacha found him
They are together.
Oh, gosh, I am starving.
I am starving. I gotta eat something.
You tell them
there is something wrong with my soup.
I told them so.
I am not professional anyway.
It may happen.
But I didn't have it.
You didn't.
I made that for a whole night.
I was relucdant to have that.
I saw your black eyes that day.
I know how much effrots into that soup
I want to finish it after the contest
as a reward.
It's not gold.
Song Chacha.
Thank you!
Cha Cha?
Mom.
Anut.
This guy...
Is he your sidekick?
Yeah, it's me.
Sidekick of Song Chacha.
Mom, why are you outside?
Lan Tian called many times.
Asking if you are home.
Where are you with him? It's so late.
What if Lan Tian sees you
and mistake you?
Lan Tian is my friend.
You don't have to worry about that.
Then, I'll leave.
Cha Cha
There is nothing
betweeen you and he, isn' it?
No, absolutely.
Absolutely no.
What some drinks?
You know what
I can't make it this far
without you.
Is this comfort?
No.
I mean:
I need you.
I want to tell you that
don't let nothing bother you.
Don't be anxious
I was gonna give it up.
Untill the day when
I say you were swimming in America,
I am not complimenting.
I really want to see you once.
The real you.
I mean.
The thing you have when you are swimming.
Just like said last time.
You are my freind
not opponent.
So.
If you want me to give her up,
I will.
Why do you drag her into our conversation
every time?
Because she is our intersection
You made this up yourself.
I don't care about
both of you.
But you,
care much about me abou her.
Don't you?
It doesn't kill you to speak the truth
This is the truth
If I have fellings for her,
she will get hurt.
You look so calm, Yong Ze.
We are going to Australia for training.
You should get high.
You are so good.
Why did you lose last time?
Forget about it.
You think we are going for fun?
We are going for sufferings.
That's impossible.
Our coach will give us
at least two days off.
Who?
Coach?
To be honest,
this is much impossible
than I lose again.
Stop your fantasy.
This is never gonna happen.
Gosh,
they just stick together again.
What's so funny?
Only know about having fun.
Listen up.
You will be in trouble
if you just have fun.
I thought about giving some days off,
but now, forget about it.
Coach.
Attention.
Our training in Australia
will be very tough.
Everybody gets ready for that.
Only in this way
can you be stronger
Only then can you have the chance
to pursue your dreams.
You hear me?
Get started.
Enough power?
Maybe what I want is not swimming,
maybe just like what coach said,
it's power.
One can compete whoever
whoever it is.
The kind that you can control your life.
I can do anything if I can
make it.
That's not a problem.